usage: simpleping [options] server

Script for doing a simple CIM ping against a WBEM server defined by
the input parameters. This script connects to the server and test for the
existence of a single class. If the  test fails it exists with non-zero exit
code. It includes an option to ping the server before connecting.

Return:
    Success: return code 0 with empty string
    Failure: return code 1 - 6 and outputs string with error text:
        1. CIMError
        2. PyWBEM Error
        3. General Error
        4. Timeout Error
        5. ConnectionError
        6. Ping error (only return if ping is executed)
    

optional arguments:
  -f CONFIG_FILE, --config_file CONFIG_FILE
                        Configuration file to use for config information.
                        Default=localconfig.ini
  -D DBTYPE, --dbtype DBTYPE
                        DBTYPE to use. Default=mysql

Positional arguments:
  server                Host name or url of the WBEM server in this format:
                            [{scheme}://]{host}[:{port}]
                        - scheme: Defines the protocol to use;
                            - "https" for HTTPs protocol
                            - "http" for HTTP protocol.
                          Default: "https".
                        - host: Defines host name as follows:
                             - short or fully qualified DNS hostname,
                             - literal IPV4 address(dotted)
                             - literal IPV6 address (RFC 3986) with zone
                               identifier extensions(RFC 6874)
                               supporting "-" or %25 for the delimiter.
                        - port: Defines the WBEM server port to be used
                          Defaults:
                             - HTTP  - 5988
                             - HTTPS - 5989

Server related options:
  Specify the WBEM server namespace and timeout

  -n Namespace, --namespace Namespace
                        Namespace in the WBEM server for the test request.
                        Default: None
  -t timeout, --timeout timeout
                        Timeout of the completion of WBEM Server operation
                        in seconds(integer between 0 and 300).
                        Default: 20 seconds
  -T TargetUserId, --target_id TargetUserId
                        If this argument is set, the value is a user id
                        instead of an server url as the source for the test. In
                        this case, namespace, user, and password arguments are
                        derived from the user data rather than cli input

Connection security related options:
  Specify user name and password or certificates and keys

  -u user, --user user  User name for authenticating with the WBEM server.
                        Default: No user name.
  -p password, --password password
                        Password for authenticating with the WBEM server.
                        Default: Will be prompted for, if user name
                        specified.
  -V, --verify-cert     Client will verify certificate returned by the WBEM
                        server (see cacerts). This forces the client-side
                        verification of the server identity, Normally it would
                        smi be important to verify the server certificate but in
                        the test environment where certificates are largely
                        unknown the default is to not verify.
  --cacerts cacerts     File or directory containing certificates that will be
                        matched against a certificate received from the WBEM
                        server. Set the --no-verify-cert option to bypass
                        client verification of the WBEM server certificate.
  --certfile certfile   Client certificate file for authenticating with the
                        WBEM server. If option specified the client attempts
                        to execute mutual authentication.
                        Default: Simple authentication.
  --keyfile keyfile     Client private key file for authenticating with the
                        WBEM server. Not required if private key is part of the
                        certfile option. Not allowed if no certfile option.
                        Default: No client key file. Client private key should
                        then be part  of the certfile

General options:
  --no_ping, -x         Do not ping for server as first test. Executing the
                        ping often shortens the total response time.
  -v, --verbose         Print more messages while processing
  -d, --debug           Display XML for request and response
  -h, --help            Show this help message and exit

Examples:

  simpleping https://localhost:15345 -n interop -u sheldon -p penny
          - (https localhost, port=15345, namespace=i user=sheldon
         password=penny)

  simpleping -T 4

  test providerid 4 from the default provider database

  simpleping http://[2001:db8::1234-eth0] -n interop -(http port 5988 ipv6, zone id eth0)
    
